Security Risk: Why is a world-writable directory (like uploads/) more dangerous than a world-writable file? What could an attacker do?
      A world-writable file only allows an attacker to modify that specific file's contents. However, a world-writable directory
      allows an attacker to add, delete, or rename any file within that directory, regardless of who owns the individual files.
      An attacker could use this to upload malicious payloads (like a reverse shell script), delete critical system files if the
      directory is highly privileged, or replace legitimate files with compromised versions to trick other users.
Permission Bits: Explain what -perm -002 means versus -perm /111. Why do we use different options for different searches?
      -perm -002: The - prefix means at least these exact bits must be set. 002 isolates the "other" (world) write bit.
      So, -002 searches for any file where the world-write bit is enabled, ignoring what the owner or group permissions are.
      -perm /111: The / prefix means any of these bits must be set. 111 represents the execute bit for owner, group, and other.
      So, /111 searches for files where anyone (owner, group, OR other) has execute permissions.
      We use different options because our criteria differ: for world-writable, we specifically care about the "other" category. 
      For executables, we want to flag non-scripts if any execute bit is accidentally left on.
Real-World Impact: If you ran this scanner on a production web server and found 50 world-writable files, what immediate actions should you take?
      Revoke Access: Immediately remove the world-writable permissions using a command like chmod o-w <file> on the affected files.
      Audit Logs: Check system and web server access logs to investigate if any unauthorized modifications or access occurred while 
      the files were vulnerable.
      Investigate Root Cause: Determine why these files were misconfigured. Was it a flawed automated deployment script, an uninformed 
      developer, or a compromised application?
      Automate Prevention: Integrate a script like this scanner into the CI/CD deployment pipeline to fail builds if insecure 
      permissions are detected in the future.
Process Substitution: Explain why using find ... | while read doesn't work for counting, but while read ... done < <(find ...) does. What is the difference?
      When you use a pipe (|), Bash creates a "subshell" (a separate child process) to execute the right side of the pipe. The count
      variable is incremented inside this subshell. When the loop finishes, the subshell exits and destroys its local environment, meaning
      the original shell's count variable remains at 0.
      Process substitution < <(...) feeds the output of the find command into the while loop running in the current shell. Because no subshell 
      is created for the loop, the count variable is successfully updated and retained.
Automation: How would you schedule this script to run automatically every day at 2 AM and email the results to a security team?
      You would use cron, the standard Linux job scheduler. You would edit the crontab file by typing crontab -e in the terminal and adding 
      the following line:
      0 2 * * * /home/student/cus1163-lab10/security_scanner.sh | mail -s "Daily Permission Scan" security@example.com
